docs(aps): update faq (#5342)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/apple-silicon/faq.mdx

---

## What is the minimum allocation period for an Apple silicon Mac mini?
The minimum lease period for Apple Silicon-as-a-Service is 24 hours due to licensing restrictions. A Mac mini can only be deleted after this 24-hour minimum lease period.

> You can opt for automatic deletion after 24 hours by enabling this setting in the console. Note that the estimated cost **displayed in the summary of the creation form** in the console is indicative only and does not reflect the final cost nor engage you in consuming the selected rental period.

Author: ```suggestion
You can opt for automatic deletion after 24 hours by enabling this setting in the console.

<Message type="note">
  The estimated cost **displayed in the summary of the creation form** in the console is indicative only and does not reflect the final cost nor engage you in consuming the selected rental period.
</Message>
```
